---
title: September and October meetups and Vuejs Forge
date: 2022-08-19T09:11:00.000Z
slug: 2022-08
---

Hey Vuers,

Summer is almost over and it's time to slowly go back into regular rails.

We are currently preparing September and October meetups. More info is coming very soon.

If you are interested to have a talk at any of ours meetups, let us know and we will welcome you with big heart, applause and beer!

Also we became partners with Vuejs Forge and here is info about their recent activities.


If you were thinking on new and exciting ways to learn Vue and get that hands-on Vue.js experience - here&rsquo;s what you need to know!

Vue School is hosting the 2nd edition of the largest hands-on Vue.js event ever - [Vue.js Forge](https://vuejsforge.com/?utm_source=VuejsBerlinmeetup&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=community) - on **30th & 31st of August**. 

Vue.js Forge is a hackathon-style event where you'll team up with thousands of Vue.js developers from around the world to build a realistic E-commerce store.

During the event you'll get to work with tools and libraries from the Vue.js ecosystem including **Nuxt 3**, **VueUse**, **Pinia**, **Vue Router**, **Vite** and more!

Get these and many more benefits from joining:

 * Gain hands-on coding experience building a real-world project
 * Chat, connect and solve problems with developers from around the world
 * Learn to use Deskree to generate a scalable back-end infrastructure with tons of features via a simple web interface
 * Watch top-notch experts and discover new approaches to building E-commerce stores
 * Add an amazing addition to your portfolio that will help you land that Vue.js job position

Experts from the Vue.js community including Alex Kyriakids, Anthony Fu, Brittany Walker, Daniel Kelly, &nbsp;Dmitry Grechko, Eduardo San Martin Morote, Necoline Hubner and others will join this event to provide guidance to help you easily build your own E-commerce store. How great is that?

Vue School is giving everyone the opportunity to **sign up for this event FREE of charge** - so hurry up and [reserve your free ticket](https://vuejsforge.com/?utm_source=VuejsBerlinmeetup&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=community)!

[Share the news on Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I%27m%20joining%20%40vuejsforge%20%26%20%40deskree_backend%20to%20learn%20how%20to%20build%20a%20full%20e-commerce%20site%20in%20just%20two%20days%20with%20%23VuejsForgeEp2!%0A%0AI%27ll%20be%20guided%20by%20industry%20experts%20%26%20joined%20by%201000s%20of%20devs%20from%20around%20the%20world%20as%20I%20get%20hands-on%20experience.%20%0A%0AJoin%20for%20FREE%20https%3A//vuejsforge.com/) and lets make #VuejsForgeEp2 a huge success!

See you there!
