---
title: Upcoming Meetup and some presents for you!
date: 2022-05-03T11:14:00.000Z
slug: 2022-05
---

Dear Vue'sers,

Only one more week to our next meetup. We're looking forward to finally meet you in person again! You can find all the details on [the meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Vue-js-Berlin/events/qxkbrsydchbnb/)!

Before you close this mail, I have two more exciting news for you: This year we'll have not only one but two big Vuejs Events and we are official community partners of both of them!

**Vuejs.de Conf 2022 in Berlin** is the first community driven in-person conference on VueJS in Germany and brings you international community greats like Eduardo San Martin Morote, Thorsten L&uuml;nborg, Natalia Tepluhina, Daniel Roe and Markus Oberlehner on stage.

The conference will take place on September 22, 2022 at the Bolle Fests&auml;le in Berlin. In addition to plenty of time for networking and great talks, the event will be rounded off by workshops the day before and a scholarship program. For more information on the event, visit [conf.vuejs.de](https://conf.vuejs.de).

With the discount code **community-vuejs-berlin-3D7F-REDUCED** you will also receive a 20% discount on the purchase of a regular or a combination ticket (Includes 1 day vuejs.de Conf + 2 days access to the sister conference NG-DE). The community discount code cannot be combined with other discounts or special promotions and is valid until the end of May. We are looking forward to seeing you in Berlin.

**Vue.js Amsterdam 2022**, the worlds most special and largest Vue conference.

20+ Vue.js Core Members & Experts. 2000+ Attendees, A global Audience from 50+ Countries over 2 Full Days of Talks. In-Person at Theater Amsterdam on 2-3 JUNE 2022.

Vuejs Amsterdam is the must-attend Vue Community Event & Event of the year. Since Vuejs Amsterdam started in 2018 it has been a sold-out Vue conference with the creator of Vue, Evan You opening the event. The State of Vuenion 2022 is a highly anticipated talk this time around with 1,5 year since the release of Vue 3.

With https://www.eventbrite.nl/e/144404785601/?discount=special100#tickets you'll get a 100€ discount on any ticket!


We're looking forward to meet you all on those events and of course at our upcoming meetup next week! There will be a raffle for ONE FREE TICKET to Vuejs Amsterdam! Better don't miss it.
