---
title: October Newsletter
date: 2023-10-03T10:00:00.000Z
slug: 2023-10
---

 Hi there,

we have to start with information that this month there will no meetup. Next one will in November.

But we have for you two things we want to mention:

The first is that JetBrains is our new meetup partner and they gave us two free yearly licences for their products. If you are interested to get this licence follow us at https://twitter.com/vuejs_berlin and send us a PM. We will do the raffle and select two winners soon.

The second one is that we are, as always, community partner of Nuxt Nation Conference.

The 3rd annual Nuxt Nation Conference is next month! It&rsquo;s all happening on October 18-19!
Nuxt Nation is a Virtual Conference organized by Vue School, and it is your #1 place for discovering brand new Nuxt enhancements, including all the latest developments, tool and library updates, and plans for the future directly from the Nuxt Core team!

[&rarr; Join the largest Nuxt Conference for FREE](https://nuxtnation.com/?utm_source=VuejsBerlin&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=community)

Wondering what Nuxt Nation has in store for you?
This year&rsquo;s lineup consists of the most prominent experts from the Nuxt community, such as the Full Nuxt Core Team, Sebastien Chopin, Daniel Roe, Evan You, Lucie Haberer, Pooya Parsa, Anthony Fu, Daniel Kelly, and many others. Join us to hear all about the Nuxt 3 developments and features straight from the gurus.
The conference will feature a variety of Nuxt-related topics, including:

Nuxt Image Nuxt Security Open Source Nuxt DevTools Nuxt Performance Nuxt as Backend Nuxt with Pinia&hellip; and much, much more.
Vue School, in its mission to make learning accessible to all, is giving everyone from the Vue and Nuxt communities (and beyond) the opportunity to sign up for this FREE event - so hurry up and reserve your ticket now!
See you there! 

