---
title: Vue.js Berlin Summer Newsletter
date: 2023-07-28T10:00:00.000Z
slug: 2023-07-28
---

Hey Vuers,

we are hoping that you are enjoying your summer holidays.

We are ;-)

As a community partners Jiri and two lucky people from our community were able to visit absolutely amazing WeAreDevelopers World Congress in Berlin.

If you want to know more and see some photos you can check Jiri's Twitter (@sedrickcz).

Also we are looking for speakers for upcoming meetups. So if you want to share anything with our community feel free to write us a messege.

And lastly have you heard the news?

**Vue School announced** [Vue.js Forge Episode 4](https://vuejsforge.com/?utm_source=VuejsBerlin&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=community)!

At Vue.js Forge Episode 4, you&rsquo;ll get to build a Web 3 Kickstarter Clone!
Yes, you read that right.

We will build a blockchain crowdfunding app.


[&rarr; Yes, I want to build a Kickstarter Clone!](https://vuejsforge.com/?utm_source=VuejsBerlin&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=community)

**What&rsquo;s new and exciting?**

* Code with Blockchain
* Learn about Crowdfunding
* Discover Web 3

This is an excellent opportunity to dabble in the decentralized web, all within the context of a Vue.js application, and interact with smart contracts via JavaScript.

Episode 4 promises another learning adventure! It is welcoming to the entire Vue.js community, from beginners to advanced Vue.js devs and it&rsquo;s a unique opportunity to learn about the latest developments in the Vue.js ecosystem, connect with other developers, work hands-on with Vue.js and related ecosystem tools, and get certified along the way!


Date: 2-3 August

Entry Cost: FREE


[&rarr; Register for Vue.js Forge Episode 4](https://vuejsforge.com/?utm_source=VuejsBerlin&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=community)


Best,

Jiri and Norman from Vue.js//Berlin
