---
title: Upcoming Events
date: 2023-01-11T10:00:00.000Z
slug: 2023-01
---

Dear Vuesers,

thank you for the very enjoyable meetup yesterday! I hope, our two winners, Frank and Adnan will have a great time with their prices! Obviously, whoever we meet at the Vue.js Amsterdam Conference is invited for a drink!

**Upcoming Event: Vue.js Nation&sup1;**


The beginning of the year is crazy with events! End of January, the largest free Vue.js Event Vue.js Nation, brought to you by VueSchool, is happening! Vue.js Nation welcomes a lineup of the most expert Vue.js speakers! Don&rsquo;t miss out on the expertise presented by Evan You, Alex Kyriakidis, Jessica Sachs, Thorsten L&uuml;nborg, Kia Ishii, Ramona Schwering, John Leider, Luke Diebold, Paige Kelley, and many others!
Not only will the Vue.js Nation event bring the latest developments of the Vue.js ecosystem frameworks and services - but it also brings answers to questions you&rsquo;ve always wondered!
How does the Vue.js Core team work together on the framework? Who is responsible for which fields and who do they maintain them? How is the documentation managed?
Answers to all this and more will be given directly from the Vue.js Core Team in a LIVE panel discussion!

**Upcoming Event: FOSDEM&sup2;**

A free and non-commercial two-day event organized by volunteers to promote the widespread use of free and open-source software. Usually taking place in the beautiful city of Brussels (Belgium), FOSDEM is widely recognized as the best such conference in Europe.


**Upcoming Event: Vue.js Amsterdam&sup3;**

The most special and largest Vue.js conference in the world.

Visitors will be wowed by the Creator of Vue and Vite, bringing Official Framework Updates, 15 Core Team Members and Authors with 2023's Latest Developments within the Vue Eco-System. Awaiting Key Releases, Case Studies and Technical Deep Dives to help you and your team level-up as Vue Developers.
Get to Meet, Greet and Speak with Creators, Maintainers and Professionals whilst making connections for a lifetime on 9th and 10th of February 2023 at Theater Amsterdam.
A total of 30 unique pieces of Vue & Vite Content will bring your next Vue Project to a higher level.


Pretty sure, a great way to start 2023. Happy New Year, everyone!


1) [vuejsnation.com](https://vuejsnation.com) (25th & 26th of January)

2) [fosdem.org](https://fosdem.org/2023/) (4th & 5th of February)

3) [vuejs.amsterdam](https://vuejs.amsterdam) (8th & 9th of February)
