---
title: Vuejs//Berlin has some awesome presents for you!
date: 2024-02-13T10:00:00.000Z
slug: 2024-02
---

Dear Vue'sers,

We are excited to announce that our next Vuejs//Berlin meetup is happening this evening, and we have some special news to share with you all.

We are thrilled to once again be partnering with Vuejs Amsterdam, the biggest Vuejs conference happening at the end of February, and JSNation, the main JS conference of 2024, happening in June. This partnership has allowed us to give away some amazing prizes to our community members.

One lucky attendee will win a free ticket to Vuejs Amsterdam, valued at around 800&euro;! This is an incredible opportunity to attend one of the most significant Vuejs conferences of the year, learn from the best in the industry, and network with fellow Vue.js enthusiasts.

Additionally, we will be giving away two tickets to JSNation, worth 460&euro; each. This conference is an excellent opportunity to learn about the latest trends and best practices in JavaScript and connect with other JavaScript developers.

Unfortunately, we do not have a speaker lined up for this month's meetup. However, we are still looking forward to an evening of great discussions and networking. We can have a general discussion on topics to be determined, or simply socialize while enjoying some beer and pizza.

We're looking forward to see you in person for an exciting evening filled with opportunities to learn, connect, and win! Please RSVP­ through our meetup page, and we will see you there!

Best regards,
Norman and Jiri

